Issue/234 fenced code blocks render internal html (#238)
jannis-baum/Vivify: tests/rendering/markdown-extended.md

## Fenced code block

> A normal fenced code block with no syntax highligting:
> 
> ```
> # PLain text

Reviewer: typos🙈

``````suggestion
A normal fenced code block with no syntax highlighting:

```
# Plain text
``````
